sekretariat@mksstartlublin.pl;WIKANA START LUBLIN
pelczar@mksstartlublin.pl;WIKANA START LUBLIN
wtkanwil@wtkanwil.com.pl;Anwil W³oc³awek
biuro@twarde.pl;Polski cukier Toruñ
klub@ksturow.eu;PGE TURÓW ZGORZELEC
m.olszak@ksturow.eu;PGE TURÓW ZGORZELEC
gabriela.grzyb@ksturow.eu;PGE TURÓW ZGORZELEC
biuro@azs.koszalin.pl;AZS Koszalin
stkssa@energa-czarni.pl;Energa Czarni S³upsk
sekretariat@mksdabrowa.pl;MKS D¹browa Górnicza
biuro@assecogdynia.pl;ASSECO Gdynia
jarekboguslaw@op.pl;Jezioro Tarnobrzeg
office@kingwilki.pl;King Wilki Morskie Szczecin
klub@probasket.net.pl;POLFARMEX Kutno
biuro@sportowa.com.pl;Polpharma Starogard Gdañski
rosasport@rosasport.pl;Rosa Radom
office@basketzg.pl;Stelmet Zielona Góra
koszykowka@sport.trefl.com;Trefl Sopot
biuro@wks-slask.pl;WKS Œl¹sk Wroc³aw
azs@pk.edu.pl;AZS Politechnika Korona Kraków
dyr.jas@interia.pl;JAS-FBG Sosnowiec
madan@ukslider.pl;Lider Swarzêdz
klub@ostrovia.pl;TS Ostrovia Ostrów Wielkopolski
uksbasket@o2.pl;UKS Basket Aleksandrów £ódzki
azs@pwsz.pl;Hajduk Kominki AZS PWSZ II Gorzów
mukspoznan@wp.pl;JTC MUKS Poznañ
trenerbasket@op.pl;MKS MOS Karkonosze Jelenia Góra
azs@azs.poznan.pl;Poznañ City Center AZS
lkskoszkobiet@o2.pl;£KS SMS £ódŸ
azskosz@agh.edu.pl;AZS AGH Alstom Kraków