marcel@pallavololugano.ch;Dragons Lvgano
info@copraelior.it;Copra Volley Piacenza
cldirector@knackvolley.be;Knack Roeselare
buly_vcm@yahoo.com;Tomis Constanta
club@voleibolteruel.com;CAI TERUEL
esimon@aragon.es;CAI TERUEL
loko_volley@mail.ru;Lokomotiv Novosibirsk
marekunionivkoni@abv.bg;Marek Union-Ivkoni Dupnitsa
info@ach-volley.si;ACH Volley Ljubljana
info@berlin-recycling-volleys.de;Berlin Recycling Volleys
okbrivijera@t-com.me;Budvanska Rivijera Budva
martin.micheu@aon.at;Posojilnica AICH/DOB
info@vfb-volleyball.de;VfB Friedrichshafen
info@zenit-kazan.com;Zenit Kazan
belogorye-club@yandex.ru;Belogorie Belgorod
info@lubevolley.it;Cucine Lube Treia
boraserter@fenerbahce.org;Fenerbahce SK. Istanbul
office@volleyballteamtirol.com;Hypo Tirol Innsbruck
manazer@volejbalcb.cz;Jihostroj Ceske Budejovice
info@topvolleyantwerpen.be;Precura Antwerp
halkbankoffice@gmail.com;Halkbank Ankara
info@noliko-maaseik.be;Noliko Maaseik
tours.volley-ball@wanadoo.fr;TOURS VB
peter_goga@centrum.cz;Agel Prostejov
manager@chemik-police.com;Chemik Police
dinamo-kazan@bk.ru;Dinamo Kazan
vcrabitabaku@behm.az;Rabita Baku
frishmanavf@gmail.com;Azeryol Baku
boraserter@fenerbahce.org;Fenerbahce Grundig Istanbul
volleyballnantes@gmail.com;NANTES VB
cristinasalahoru@yahoo.com;Stiinta Bacau
sport@avangard.ru;Dinamo Moscow
volleyballgmbh@dsc1898.de;DRESDNER SC
anssi.laaksonen@lpviesti.fi;LP SALO
toimisto@lpviesti.fi;LP SALO
futuravolley@volleybusto.com;Unendo Yamamay Busto Arsizio
sporkulubu@eczacibasi.com.tr;Eczacibasi VitrA Istanbul
dashenka-2011@inbox.ru;Omichka OMSK Region
europacup@volerozuerich.ch;Volero Zürich
segreteria@nordmeccanicarebecchivolley.it;Nordmeccanica Piacenza
okvizura@gmail.com;Partizan Vizura Beograd
debackere@rccannes.com;RC CANNES
info@vakifbanksporkulubu.com;VakifBank Istanbul
