marketing@slaskwroclaw.pl;Œl¹sk Wroc³aw
wiktor.cegla@legia.pl;Legia Warszawa
marketing@jagiellonia.pl;Jagiellonia Bia³ystok
s.sobczak@gksbelchatow.com;GKS Be³chatów
marketing@wisla.krakow.pl;Wis³a Kraków
b.perek@gornikzabrze.pl;Górnik Zabrze
lech@lechpoznan.pl;Lech Poznañ
marketing.tsp@tspodbeskidzie.pl;Podbeskidzie
marketing@piast-gliwice.eu;Piast Gliwice
marketing@gornik.leczna.pl;Górnik £êczna
klub@cracovia.pl;Cracovia Kraków
marketing@lechia.pl;Lechia Gdañsk
korona.sa@korona-kielce.pl;Korona Kielce
ruch@ruchchorzow.com.pl;Ruch Chorzów
biuro@wkszawisza.pl;Zawisza Bydgoszcz
termalica@brukbet.com;Termalica Bruk-Bet Nieciecza
marketing@wisla.plock.pl;Wis³a P³ock
t.warsinski@gksolimpia.com;Olimpia Grudzi¹dz
biuro@stomilolsztyn.com;Stomil Olsztyn
biuro@gkskatowice.eu;GKS Katowice
biuro@mksflota.swinoujscie.pl;Flota Œwinoujœcie
sekretariat@mkschojniczanka.pl;Chojniczanka Chojnice
ssa@arka.gdynia.pl;Arka Gdynia
biuro@sandecja.com.pl;Sandecja Nowy S¹cz
biuro@dolcan.com.pl;Dolcan Z¹bki
lukasz.jaremkiewicz@chrobry-glogow.pl;Chrobry G³ogów
tomasz.krzyminski@chrobry-glogow.pl;Chrobry G³ogów
katarzyna.kumor@chrobry-glogow.pl;Chrobry G³ogów
biuro@miedzlegnica.eu;MiedŸ Legnica
biuro@wigrysuwalki.eu;Wigry Suwa³ki
bytovia@autograf.pl;Drutex-Bytowia
marketing@tyski-sport.pl;GKS Tychy
marketing@widzew.pl;Widzew £ódŸ
marketing@energetykrow.rybnik.pl;Energetyk Row Rybnik
biuro@mkskluczbork.pl;MKS Kluczbork
m.nowak@rozwoj.info.pl;Rozwój Katowice
sekretariat@stal1938.pl;Stal Stalowa Wola
zniczpruszkow©zniczpruszkow.home.pl;Znicz Pruszków
klub@blekitni.stargard.pl;B³êkitni Stargard Szczeciñski
sekretariat@zaglebie.eu;Zag³êbie Sosnowiec
sekretariat@siarka-tarnobrzeg.pl;Siarka Tarnobrzeg
klub@stalmielec.com;Stal Mielec
kontakt@rksrakow.pl;Raków Czêstochowa
sekretariat@kslegionovia.pl;Legionovia Legionowo
sekretariat@nadwislangora.pl;Nadwiœlan Góra
kotwica60@wp.pl;Kotwica Ko³obrzeg
sekretariat@puszcza-niepolomice.pl;Puszcza Niepo³omice
kontakt@gornik-walbrzych.pl;Górnik Wa³brzych
limanovia@limanovia.net;Limanovia Limanowa