kfelbasani@gmail.com;FK Elbasani
futbolli@bashkiavlore.org;Flamurtari FC
juristeurogjici@gmail.com;FK Kukësi
kf_laci@live.com;KF Laçi
info@fcp.al;FK Partizani
kfskenderbeu.com;KF Skënderbeu
kfteuta@yahoo.com;KF Teuta
kftirana@albmail.com;KF Tirana
info@vllaznia.eu;KF Vllaznia
secretariat@asterastripolis.gr;Asteras Tripolis FC
atromitos@atromitosfc.gr;Atromitos FC
info@ergotelis.gr;Ergotelis FC
grammateia@aelk.gr;Kalloni FC
info@aokerkyra.com.gr;Kerkyra FC
info@levadiakosfc.gr;Levadiakos FC
eam@ofifc.gr;OFI Crete FC
footballdpt@olympiacos.org;Olympiacos FC
info@pao.gr;Panathinaikos FC
info@panionios.gr;Panionios GSS
info@panthrakikos.com;Panthrakikos FC
info@paokfc.gr;PAOK FC
info@pasgiannina.gr;PAS Giannina FC
panetolikos@otenet.gr;Panaitolikos GFS
fcplatanias@gmail.com;Platanias FC
veriafc@veriafc.gr;Veria FC
office@skodaxanthifc.gr;Xanthi FC
office@bhfc.hu;Budapest Honvéd FC
dvscrt@dvsc.hu;Debreceni VSC
info@dvtk.eu;Diósgyõri VTK
iroda@dpase.hu;Dunaújváros PASE
ftc@fradi.hu;Ferencvárosi TC
titkarsag@eto.hu;Gyõri ETO FC
titkarsag@kecskemetite.hu;Kecskeméti TE
iroda@lombardfcpapa.hu;Lombard-Pápa TFC
info@mtkbudapest.hu;MTK Budapest
info@szpari1928.hu;Nyíregyháza
pse@enternet.hu;Paksi FC
pmfc@pmfc.hu;Pécsi MFC
bolla.krisztian@pfla.hu;Puskás Akadémia FC
titkarsag@haladas.hu;Szombathelyi Haladás
ujpestfc@ujpestfc.hu;Újpest FC
titkarsag@videotonfc.hu;Videoton FC
knattspyrna@breidablik.is;Breidablik
fh@fh.is;FH Hafnarfjördur
fjolnir@fjolnir.is;Fjölnir Reykjavik
knattspyrna@fram.is;Fram Reykjavík
fylkir@fylkir.com;Fylkir
ibv@ibv.is;ÍBV Vestmannaeyjar
kef-fc@keflavik.is;Keflavík
jonas@kr.is;KR Reykjavík
knattspyrna@stjarnan.is;Stjarnan
knattspyrna@thorsport.is;Thór Akureyri
valur@valur.is;Valur Reykjavík
knattspyrna@vikingur.is;Víkingur Reykjavík
rafi@jbz.co.il;FC Ashdod
lizzy@bjerusalem.co.il;Beitar Jerusalem FC
bneisakhnin@gmail.com;Bnei Sakhnin FC
hapoel_akko@walla.com;Hapoel Akko FC
office@hapoelb7.com;Hapoel Beer Sheva FC
ronfeldheim@gmail.com;Hapoel Haifa FC
yosied8@gmail.com;Hapoel Kiryat
office@hapoel-raanana.co.il;Hapoel Ra'anana FC
rachel@hapoelta-fc.co.il;Hapoel Tel-Aviv FC
info@maccabihaifafc.com;Maccabi Haifa FC
m-pt@zahav.net.il;Maccabi Petah
mn@fcmn.co.il;Maccabi Netanya FC
liran@mtafc.com;Maccabi Tel-Aviv FC
atalanta@lega-calcio.it;Atalanta BC
cagliari@lega-calcio.it;Cagliari Calcio
cesena@lega-calcio.it;AC Cesena
chievoverona@lega-calcio.it;AC Chievo Verona
palermo@lega-calcio.it;US Citta di Palermo
empoli@lega-calcio.it;Empoli FC
fiorentina@lega-calcio.it;ACF Fiorentina
genoa@lega-calcio.it;Genoa CFC
hellasverona@lega-calcio.it;Hellas Verona FC
internazionale@lega-calcio.it;FC Internazionale Milano
juventus@lega-calcio.it;Juventus
lazio@lega-calcio.it;S.S. Lazio
milan@lega-calcio.it;AC Milan
napoli@lega-calcio.it;SSC Napoli
parma@lega-calcio.it;Parma FC
roma@lega-calcio.it;AS Roma
sampdoria@lega-calcio.it;UC Sampdoria
sassuolo@lega-calcio.it;US Sassuolo Calcio
torino@lega-calcio.it;Torino FC
udinese@lega-calcio.it;Udinese Calcio
fk-aktobe@mail.ru;FC Aktobe
club@fca.kz;FC Astana
fc_atyrau@mail.ru;FC Atyrau
irtysh-fc@mail.ru;FC Irtysh Pavlodar
info@fckairat.kz;FC Kairat Almaty
fc_kaysar@rambler.ru;FC Kaysar Kyzylorda
pfk_ordabasy@mail.ru;FC Ordabasy Shymkent
shahter56@mail.ru;FC Shakhter Karagandy
fk_spartak_semey@mail.ru;FC Spartak Semey
fc_taraz@mail.ru;FC Taraz
fc-tobol@mail.ru;FC Tobol Kostanay
pfc_zhetisu@mail.ru;FC Zhetysu Taldykorgan
bfcdaugava@inbox.lv;BFC Daugavpils
fcdaugavadaugavpils@inbox.lv;FC Daugava Daugavpils
fkdaugavariga@gmail.com;FK Daugava Riga
vuguls@fkjelgava.lv;FK Jelgava
jurgis.ozolins@fkliepaja.lv;SK Liepajas Metalurgs
info@fsmetta.lv;FS METTA/LU Riga
info@skontofc.lv;Skonto FC
fcspartaks@inbox.lv;FK Spartaks Jurmala
office@fkventspils.lv;FK Ventspils
info@fcbalzers.li;FC Balzers
info@usv.li;FC USV Eschen/Mauren
info@fcruggell.li;FC Ruggell
fcschaan@powersurf.li;FC Schaan
spiko@fctriesen.li;FC Triesen
info@fctriesenberg.li;FC Triesenberg
info@fcvaduz.li;FC Vaduz
atlantas@atlantas.lt;FK Atlantas
donatas@fkbanga.lt;FK Banga
darius@alytis.lt;FK Dainava
info@fkekranas.lt;FK Ekranas
info@klaipedos-granitas.lt;FK Klaipedos Granitas
info@fkkruoja.lt;FK Kruoja
fcsiauliai@fcsiauliai.lt;FC Šiauliai
fksuduva@takas.lt;FK Suduva
info@fkt.lt;FK Trakai
info@zalgiris-vilnius.lt;VMFD Žalgiris
meyerj@pt.lu;FC Differdange 03
f91secretariat@pt.lu;F91 Dudelange
fcetz@pt.lu;FC Etzella Ettelbruck
pimknaff@pt.lu;CS Fola Esch
schoux@pt.lu;CS Grevenmacher
fcush@pt.lu;US Hostert
flfnews@fccanach.lu;FC Jeunesse Canach
dema@cegecom.lu;AS Jeunesse Esch
un97@pt.lu;UN Käerjéng 97
info@usmondorf.lu;US Mondorf-les-Bains
progres@pt.lu;FC Progres Niedercorn
info@usrumelange.lu;US Rumelange
hmohr@pt.lu;FC Victoria Rosport
woltz71@pt.lu;FC Wiltz 71
fcbregalnica2008@gmail.com;FK Bregalnica Stip
fcmetalurg@yahoo.com;FK Metalurg Skopje
fkpelister.bitola@gmail.com;FK Pelister
angelovskiigor@hotmail.com;FK Rabotnicki
kfrenova2008@yahoo.com;FK Renova
info@kfshkendija.com;FK Shkëndija 79
sileksfk@yahoo.com;FK Sileks
turnovo_kukus@yahoo.com;FK Turnovo
fc_vardar.skopje@yahoo.com;FK Vardar
balzanfc@mfa.com.mt;Balzan Youths FC
birkirkarafc@mfa.com.mt;Birkirkara FC
florianafc@mfa.com.mt;Floriana FC
hiberniansfc@mfa.com.mt;Hibernians FC
mostafc@mfa.com.mt;Mosta FC
naxxarfc@mfa.com.mt;Naxxar Lions FC
pietafc@mfa.com.mt;Pieta Hotspurs FC
qormifc@mfa.com.mt;Qormi FC
sliemafc@mfa.com.mt;Sliema Wanderers FC
tarxienfc@mfa.com.mt;Tarxien Rainbows FC
vallettafc@mfa.com.mt;Valletta FC
zebbugfc@mfa.com.mt;Zebbug Rangers FC
info@academia.md;FC Academia Chisinau
info@fccostuleni.md;FC Costuleni
office@fcdacia.md;FC Dacia Chisinau
dinamo-auto@mail.ru;FC Dinamo-Auto
info@milsami.md;FC Milsami Orhei
fc-saxan@yandex.ru;FC Saxan
club@sc.sheriff.md;FC Sheriff
info@fc-tiraspol.com;FC Tiraspol
fcveris@mail.com;FC Veris
ssfotbal-balti@yandex.ru;FC Zarea Balti
zimbru@zimbru.md;FC Zimbru Chisinau
fkberane1920@hotmail.com;FK Berane
fcbokelj@t-com.me;FK Bokelj
fcbuducnost@gmail.com;FK Buduænost
fkcelik@t-com.me;FK Èelik Nikšiæ
ofkgrbalj@t-com.me;OFK Grbalj
f.k.lovcen@t-com.me;FK Lovæen
f.mladost@yahoo.com;FK Mladost Podgorica
fkmogren@t-com.me;FK Mogren
z.o.c.a.p@t-com.me;OFK Petrovac
rudarmne@gmail.com;FK Rudar Pljevlja
fksutjeska.niksic@t-com.me;FK Sutjeska
fkzeta@t-com.me;FK Zeta
info@ga-eagles.nl;Go Ahead Eagles
info@ajax.nl;AFC Ajax
info@az.nl;AZ Alkmaar
info@nac.nl;NAC Breda
info@cambuur.nl;SC Cambuur
info@adodenhaag.nl;ADO Den Haag
info@fcdordrecht.nl;FC Dordrecht
info@psv.nl;PSV Eindhoven
info@sbvexcelsior.nl;SBV Excelsior
info@feyenoord.nl;Feyenoord
info@fcgroningen.nl;FC Groningen
info@sc-heerenveen.nl;sc Heerenveen
info@heracles.nl;Heracles Almelo
administratie@fctwente.nl;FC Twente
info@fcutrecht.nl;FC Utrecht
info@vitesse.nl;Vitesse
info@willem-ii.nl;Willem II
info@peczwolle.nl;PEC Zwolle
ferneypark@aol.com;Ballinamallard
secretary@cliftonvillefc.net;Cliftonville FC
secretary@colerainefc.com;Coleraine FC
ncrues@aol.com;Crusaders FC
info@dungannonswiftsfc.co.uk;Dungannon Swifts FC
glenavonfootballclub@utvinternet.com;Glenavon FC
secretary@glentoran.com;Glentoran FC
kontor@aafk.no;Aalesunds FK
bg@glimt.no;FK Bodo/Glimt
post@brann.no;SK Brann
post@fkh.no;FK Haugesund
lsk@lsk.no;Lillestrom SK
mfk@moldefk.no;Molde FK
post@odd.no;Odd Grenland
info@rbk.no;Rosenborg BK
sandnesulf@sandnesulf.no;Sandnes Ulf
post@sarpsborg08.no;Sarpsborg 08 FF
post@sogndalfotball.no;Sogndal IL Fotball
admin@stabak.no;Stabak
admin@ikstart.no;IK Start
godset@godset.no;Stromsgodset IF
viking@viking-fk.no;Viking FK
post@vif.no;Valerenga Fotball
geral@fcarouca.pt;FC Arouca
geral@academica-oaf.pt;A. Académica de
sec.geral@slbenfica.pt;SL Benfica
mail@scbraga.pt;SC Braga
geral@estorilpraiasad.net;Estoril Praia
geral@gilvicentefc.pt;Gil Vicente FC
geral@csmaritimo.pt;CS Marítimo
moreirensefc@sapo.pt;Moreirense FC
geral@cdnacional.pt;CD Nacional
secretaria@osbelenenses.pt;CF Os Belenenses
geral@fcpf.pt;FC Paços de Ferreira
geral@fcpenafiel.pt;FC Penafiel
geral@portosad.pt;FC Porto
rioave@mail.telepac.pt;Rio Ave FC
sporting@sportmultimedia.pt;Sporting Clube de
sad@vfc.pt;Vitória FC
geral@vitoriasc.pt;Vitória SC
info@athlonetownfc.ie;Athlone Town AFC
lynn@bohemians.ie;Bohemian FC
carlislegrounds@eircom.net;Bray Wanderers AFC
info@corkcityfc.ie;Cork City FC
office@derrycity.net;Derry City FC
info@droghedaunited.ie;Drogheda United FC
dlkfc@eircom.net;Dundalk FC
info@limerickfc.ie;Limerick FC
info@stpatsfc.com;Saint Patrick’s
info@shamrockrovers.ie;Shamrock Rovers FC
secretary@sligorovers.com;Sligo Rovers FC
diarmuid.mcnally@ucd.ie;University College
fcbotosani@fcbotosani.ro;FC Astra Giurgiu
fcbrasov2007@yahoo.com;FC Bra?ov
office@fcceahlaul.ro;FC Ceahlãul
office@cfr1907.ro;CFR 1907 Cluj
office@csconcordia.ro;CS Concordia Chiajna
contact@csuc.ro;CS U Craiova
fcdinamo@fcdinamo.ro;FC Dinamo Bucureºti
contact@csmsiasi.ro;CSMS Ia?i
pandurii@pandurii-tg-jiu.ro;FC Oþelul Galaþi
office@fcpetrolul.ro;FC Petrolul Ploieºti
rapid@fcrapid.ro;FC Rapid Bucureºti
office@steauafc.com;FC Steaua Bucureºti
office@asatirgumures.ro;ASA Târgu Mure?
contact@universitateacluj.ro;FC Universitatea Cluj
office@academiahagi.ro;FC Viitorul Constanþa
fc-amkar@amkar.org;FC Amkar Perm
tula.arsenal@mail.ru;FC Arsenal Tula
refer@pfc-cska.com;PFC CSKA Moskva
office@fcdinamo.ru;FC Dinamo Moskva
info@fckrasnodar.ru;FC Krasnodar
office@fckuban.ru;FC Kuban Krasnodar
info@fclm.ru;FC Lokomotiv Moskva
np-mordovia2009@mail.ru;FC Mordovia Saransk
fcrostov@aaanet.ru;FC Rostov
info@rubin-kazan.ru;FC Rubin Kazan
spartak@spartak.com;FC Spartak Moskva
office@fc-terek.ru;FC Terek Grozny
fctorpedomoscow@mail.ru;FC Torpedo Moskva
fcufa@bashtel.ru;FC Ufa
info@fc-ural.ru;FC Ural Ekaterinburg
office@fc-zenit.ru;FC Zenit
cailungo@fsgc.info;SP Cailungo
info@cosmos.sm;S.S. Cosmos
domagnano@fsgc.info;Domagnano FC
faetano@fsgc.info;SC Faetano
fiorentino@fsgc.info;S.S. Fiorentino
folgore@fsgc.info;S.S. Folgore/Falciano
juvenes@fsgc.info;AC Juvenes-Dogana
info@lafiorita.sm;SP La Fiorita
info@polisportivalibertas.com;AC Libertas
murata@fsgc.info;S.S. Murata
presidente@pennarossa.com;S.S. Pennarossa
fabio.giardi1@virgilio.it;S.S. San Giovanni
astercasali@omniway.sm;SP Tre Fiori
trepenne@omniway.sm;SP Tre Penne
vitus@fsgc.info;S.S. Virtus
steven@afc.co.uk;Aberdeen FC
publicrelations@celticfc.co.uk;Celtic FC
admin@dundeeunitedfc.co.uk;Dundee United FC
scott@acciesfc.co.uk;Hamilton FC
jim.falconer@ictfc.co.uk;Inverness Caledonian
mfc@motherwellfc.co.uk;Motherwell FC
ianmaxwell@ptfc.co.uk;Partick Thistle FC
paul@perthsaints.co.uk;Saint Johnstone FC
info@saintmirren.net;Saint Mirren FC
office@ofkbeograd.co.rs;OFK Beograd
fk.borac@open.telekom.rs;FK Borak Cacak
lana@crvenazvezdafk.com;FK Crvena zvezda
office@fkcukaricki.rs;FK Èukarièki
info@fkdonjisrem.com;FK Donji Srem
fkjagodina@open.telekom.rs;FK Jagodina
fkmladostlucani@gmail.com;FK Mladost Luèani
kontakt@fknapredak.rs;FK Napredak
office@fknovipazar.rs;FK Novi Pazar
football@partizan.rs;FK Partizan
fcradbgd@gmail.com;FK Rad
office@fkradnicki.com;FK Radnièki 1923
office@fkradnicki-nis.com;FK Radnièki Niš
office@fcvojvodina.co.rs;FK Vojvodina
office@fkvozdovac.rs;FK Voždovac
fkdukla@fkdukla.sk;FK Dukla Banská
fcdac@fcdac.sk;FC DAC 1904 Dunajská
sekretariat@mfkkosice.sk;MFK Košice
fksenica@fksenica.eu;FK Senica
info@skslovan.com;ŠK Slovan Bratislava
spartak@spartakmyjava.sk;Spartak Myjava
sekretariat@spartaktrnava.sk;FC Spartak Trnava
zpfutbal@mbox.zelpo.sk;FO ŽP Šport
astrencin@astrencin.sk;AS Trenèín
fcvion@fcvion.sk;FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce
mskzilina@mskzilina.sk;MŠK Žilina
info@nk-celje.si;NK Celje
info@nkdomzale.si;NK Domžale
info@nd-gorica.com;ND Gorica
info@fckoper.si;FC Koper
nkkrka1922@gmail.com;NK Krka
info@nkmaribor.com;NK Maribor
info@nkolimpija.si;NK Olimpija Ljubljana
klub@nk-radomlje.si;NK Radomlje
nk.rudar.velenje@t-2.net;NK Rudar Velenje
info@nkzavrc.si;NK Zavrè
jbonillo@udalmeriasad.com;UD Almeria
prentsa@athletic-club.net;Athletic Club
oab@fcbarcelona.cat;FC Barcelona
web@celtavigo.net;RC Celta de Vigo
cordobacf@cordobacf.com;Córdoba CF
deportivo@canaldeportivo.com;RC Deportivo La Coruna
sdeibar@sdeibar.com;SD Eibar
info@elchecf.es;Elche CF
info@rcdespanyol.com;RCD Espanyol
gerencia@getafecf.com;Getafe CF
gerencia@granadacf.es;Granada CF
admon@levanteud.es;Levante UD
administración@malagacf.es;Málaga CF
international@realmadrid.es;Real Madrid CF
realsoc@realsociedad.com;Real Sociedad de Fútbol
sevillafc@sevillafc.es;Sevilla FC
mangeles@valenciacf.es;Valencia CF
villarrealcf@villarrealcf.es;Villarreal CF
fotboll@aik.se;AIK
info@atvidabergsff.se;Atvidabergs FF
kansli@brommapojkarna.se;IF Brommapojkarna
dif.fotboll@dif.se;Djurgardens IF
info@elfsborg.se;IF Elfsborg
fff@falkenbergsff.se;Falkenbergs FF
fotboll@gefleif.se;Gefle IF
info@ifkgoteborg.se;IFK Göteborg
kansli@bkhacken.se;BK Häcken
info@hbk.se;Halmstads BK
info@hif.se;Helsingborgs IF
kalmarff@kalmarff.se;Kalmar FF
info@mff.se;Malmö FF
info@maif.se;Mjällby AIF
ifk@ifknorrkoping.se;IFK Norrköping
fotboll@oskfotboll.se;Örebro SK
info@fcaarauag.ch;FC Aarau
info@fcb.ch;FC Basel 1893
info@gcz.ch;Grasshopper Club
office@fcl.ch;FC Luzern
info@fc-sion.ch;FC Sion
info@fcsg.ch;FC St. Gallen
info@fcthun.ch;FC Thun
info@fcvaduz.li;FC Vaduz
info@bscyb.ch;BSC Young Boys
fcz@fcz.ch;FC Zürich
akhisarspor@gmail.com;Akhisar Belediyespor
kulupbalikesirspor@hotmail.;Balikesirspor
info@bjk.com.tr;Beºiktaº A.ª.
bursaspor@bursaspor.org.tr;Bursaspor
bilgi@eskisehirspor.org;Eskiºehirspor
fbfutbol@fenerbahce.org;Fenerbahçe A.ª.
galatasaray@galatasaray.org;Galatasaray A.ª.
info@gaziantepspor.org.tr;Gaziantepspor
info@kasimpasa.com.tr;Kasimpaºa A.ª.
info@erciyesspor.org.tr;Kayseri Erciyesspor
konyaspor@konyaspor.org.tr;Konyaspor
iletisim@caykurrizespor.org.tr;Rizespor
bilgi@sivasspor.org.tr;Sivasspor
info@trabzonspor.org.tr;Trabzonspor A.ª.
fc@chernomorets.odessa.ua;FC Chornomorets Odessa
fcdnipro@a-teleport.com;FC Dnipro
alina@goal.com.ua;FC Dynamo Kyiv
fc.zakarpattya@gmail.com;FC Hoverla Uzhhorod
fcmm@fcilyich.com.ua;FC Illychivets Mariupol
net@fckarpaty.lviv.ua;FC Karpaty Lviv
info@metallist.kharkov.ua;FC Metalist Kharkiv
info@metallurg.donetsk.ua;FC Metalurh Donetsk
metalurg@fcmetalurg.com.ua;FC Metalurh Zaporizhya
olimpik2001@rambler.ru;FC Olimpik Donetsk
feedback@shakhtar.com;FC Shakhtar Donetsk
info@fcvolyn.net;SC Volyn Lutsk
office@vorskla.com.ua;FC Vorskla Poltava
fc@zarya-lugansk.com;FC Zorya Luhansk
webteam@atfc.org.uk;Aberystwyth Town FC
jonathan.williams@airbus.com;AUK Broughton FC
ruth.crump@aykroyds.co.uk;Bala Town FC
info@bangorcityfc.com;Bangor City FC
admin@carmarthentownafc.net;Carmarthen Town AFC
mark.mckean@sky.com;Cefn Druids FC
trevorgreen3@btinternet.com;Connah's Quay FC
office@newtownafc.co.uk;Newtown AFC
mark@porttalbottown.co.uk;Port Talbot Town FC
mike@rhylfc.com;Rhyl FC
ian.williams@tnsfc.co.uk;The New Saints FC