info@hypo-noe.at;Hypo Niederösterreich
hc.bntu@tut.by;BNTU-BelAZ Minsk
info@rklokomotiva.hr;HC Lokomotiva Zagreb
rk.podravka@kc.t-com.hr;HC Podravka Vegeta
tk@fcm.dk;FC Midtjylland
inger@vhk.dk;Viborg HK A/S
nicolai@vhk.dk;Viborg HK A/S
contact@metz-handball.fr;Metz Handball
buero@hc-leipzig.de;HC Leipzig
bundesliga@thueringer-hc.de;Thüringer HC
katalinpalinger@gmail.com;Györi Audi ETO KC
ana@zrkvardar.com;WHC Vardar SCBT
contact@zrkvardar.com;WHC Vardar SCBT
srdjan.markoc@t-com.me;Buducnost
zrkbuducnost@t-com.me;Buducnost
info@sercodakdalfsen.nl;SERCODAK Dalfsen
rene@sponsored-media.nl;SERCODAK Dalfsen
torbjorn@byaasen.no;Byasen Trondheim
torunn@larvikhk.no;Larvik
liviu_bala@yahoo.com;HCM Baia Mare
club-volg@mail.ru;Dinamo-Sinara
info@rkkrim.com;RK Krim Mercator
tina.kravanja@rkkrim.com;RK Krim Mercator
goran.stanisic@fiat.com;WHC Radnicki Kragujevac
zrkradnicki@hotmail.com;WHC Radnicki Kragujevac
rudiger@savehof.se;IK Sävehof