aff.kabul@gmail.com;Afghanistan
faffoot@yahoo.fr;Algeria
info@faf.ad;Andorra
axafa@yahoo.com;Anguilla
gerencia@afa.org.ar;Argentina
avbaruba@hotmail.com;Aruba
office@oefb.at;Austria
info@bahamasfa.com;Bahamas
info@bff.com.bd;Bangladesh
info@bff.by;Belarus
bzefederation@gmail.com;Belize
bfa@bermudafootball.com;Bermuda
secretaria.cba@fbf.com.bo;Bolivia
info@bfa.bh;Botswana
bvifa@surfbvi.com;British Virgin Islands
bfu@bfunion.bg;Bulgaria
info@ffb.bi;Burundi
contact@fecafoot-officiel.com;Cameroon
fcf@cvtelecom.cv;Cape Verde Islands
fedefoot60@yahoo.fr;Central African Republic
ffch@anfpchile.cl;Chile
ctfamail@gmail.com;Chinese Taipei
fedcom_cenfoot@yahoo.fr;Comoros
fecofa_sg@yahoo.fr;Congo DR
ejecutivo@fedefutbol.com;Costa Rica
info@hns-cff.hr;Croatia
organization@ffk.cw;Curacao
facr@fotbal.cz;Czech Republic
fdf_1979@yahoo.fr;Djibouti
fedofutbol.dom@gmail.com;Dominican Republic
efa_football@hotmail.com;Egypt
communique@thefa.com;England
enff@tse.com.er;Eritrea
eff1@ethionet.et;Ethiopia
bobkumar@fijifootball.com.fj;Fiji
webmaster@fff.fr;France
fegafoot@hotmail.fr;Gabon
gff@gff.ge;Georgia
info@ghanafa.org;Ghana
gfa@spiceisle.com;Grenada
info@fedefutguate.org;Guatemala
ffgb_bissau@hotmail.com;Guinea-Bissau
info@fhfhaiti.com;Haiti
hkfa@hkfa.com;Hong Kong
ksi@ksi.is;Iceland
pssi@pssi.or.id;Indonesia
info@ifa.iq;Iraq
direzione.generale@figc.it;Italy
inter_national@jfa.or.jp;Japan
info@kff.kz;Kazakhstan
chukku-prkfa@hotmail.com;Korea DPR
general.secretary@kfa.org.kw;Kuwait
contact@laoff.org.la;Laos
lfa@lebanonfa.com;Lebanon
lbrfootballassoc@yahoo.com;Liberia
info@lfv.li;Lichtenstein
flf@football.lu;Luxembourg
fmf@blueline.mg;Madagascar
gensecfam@gmail.com;Malaysia
malifoot@afribone.net.ml;Mali
dmassa59@yahoo.fr;Mauritania
fcerrilla@femexfut.org.mx;Mexico
mongolianff@the-mff.mn;Mongolia
mfainc@candw.ms;Montserrat
fmfbol@tvcabo.co.mz;Mozambique
info@nfa.org.na;Namibia
concern@knvb.nl;Netherlands
tracy.brady@nzfootball.co.nz;New Zealand
info@fenifoot.net;Niger
info@irishfa.com;Northern Ireland
info@ofa.om;Oman
international.dept.pfa@gmail.com;Palestine
footballassociationpng@yahoo.com;Papua New Guinea
fepefutbol@fpf.org.pe;Peru
info@fedefutbolpr.com;Puerto Rico
info@fai.ie;Republic of Ireland
info@rfs.ru;Russia
mkapisi@footballsamoa.ws;Samoa
fsfstp2012@hotmail.com;Sao Tome e Principe
info@scottishfa.co.uk;Scotland
office@fss.rs;Serbia
starssierra@gmail.com;Sierra Leone
office@futbalsfz.sk;Slovakia
administration@siff.com.sb;Solomon Islands
ceo@safa.net;South Africa
rfef@rfef.es;Spain
info@sknfa.com;St. Kitts and Nevis
svgfootball@vincysurf.com;St. Vincent and the Grenadines
svb@sr.net;Suriname
svff@svenskfotboll.se;Sweden
syrianfa@hotmail.com;Syria
tajikfootball@yahoo.com;Tajikistan
secretariat@fat.or.th;Thailand
fetofoot@gmail.com;Togo
ttfa1908@gmail.com;Trinidad and Tobago
intdept@tff.org;Turkey
tcifa@tciway.tc;Turks and Caicos Islands
info@ffu.org.ua;Ukraine
secretariogeneral@auf.org.uy;Uruguay
communications@ussoccer.org;USA
lambertmaltock@yahoo.com;Vanuatu
vietnamff@gmail.com;Vietnam
yemenfootball@yahoo.com;Yemen
zftbllegacy@gmail.com;Zimbabwe
fshf@fshf.org.al;Albania
ffas@blueskynet.as;American Samoa
untonesa_faf@yahoo.com;Angola
abfa@candw.ag;Antigua and Barbuda
ffarm@arminco.com;Armenia
info@footballaustralia.com.au;Australia
info@affa.az;Azerbaijan
info@bfa.bh;Bahrain
office@barbadosfa.com;Barbados
urbsfa.kbvb@footbel.com;Belgium
infofebefoot@yahoo.fr;Benin
ouchu2001@yahoo.co.uk;Bhutan
nsbih@bih.net.ba;Bosnia and Herzegovina
cbf@cbf.com.br;Brazil
nfabd@hotmail.com;Brunei Darussalam
febefoo@fasonet.bf;Burkina Faso
info@the-ffc.com;Cambodia
info@canadasoccer.com;Canada
bruce.blake@maplesandcalder.com;Cayman Islands
ftfasg@yahoo.fr;Chad
info.footballchina@gmail.com;China PR
info@fcf.com.co;Colombia
michelmbono2010@gmail.com;Congo
cifa@cisoccer.org.ck;Cook Islands
fifci@aviso.ci;Côte d'Ivoire
yero4343@yahoo.es;Cuba
info@cfa.com.cy;Cyprus
dbu@dbu.dk;Denmark
domfootball@cwdom.dm;Dominica
fef@gye.satnet.net;Ecuador
jvaliente@fesfut.org.sv;El Salvador
feguifut@hotmail.com;Equatorial Guinea
efa@jalgpall.ee;Estonia
fsf@football.fo;Faroe Islands
palloliitto@palloliitto.fi;Finland
ffm@ffm.com.mk;FYR Macedonia
info@gambiafa.gm;Gambia
info@dfb.de;Germany
epo@epo.gr;Greece
info@guamfootball.com;Guam
guineefoot59@yahoo.fr;Guinea
gff@networksgy.com;Guyana
fenafuth.org@gmail.com;Honduras
mlsz@mlsz.hu;Hungary
aiff@the-aiff.com;India
international@ffiri.ir;Iran
KarenS@football.org.il;Israel
jamff@hotmail.com;Jamaica
info@jfa.com.jo;Jordan
info@footballkenya.org;Kenya
kfainfo@kfa.or.kr;Korea Republic
media@ffkr.kg;Kyrgyzstan
futbols@lff.lv;Latvia
fal@leo.co.ls;Lesotho
libyaff@gmail.com;Libya
info@lff.lt;Lithuania
macaufa@macau.ctm.net;Macau
generalsecretary@fam.mw;Malawi
media@famaldives.com;Maledives
info@mfa.com.mt;Malta
asg.mfa@intnet.mu;Mauritius
fmf@fmf.md;Moldova
info@fscg.me;Montenegro
contact@frmf.ma;Morocco
adm_mff@mff-ma.com;Myanmar
anfanepal@gmail.com;Nepal
fedcalfoot@canl.nc;New Caledonia
fenifut@yahoo.com;Nicaragua
nigeria_fa@yahoo.com;Nigeria
nff@fotball.no;Norway
mail@pff.com.pk;Pakistan
info@fepafut.com;Panama
secretaria_general@apf.org.py;Paraguay
philippine.football.federation@gmail.com;Philippines
ceo@fpf.pt;Portugal
info@qfa.com.qa;Qatar
frf@frf.ro;Romania
ferwafa@yahoo.fr;Rwanda
fsgc@omniway.sm;San Marino
info@football-saudi.com;Saudi Arabia
fsf@senegalfoot.sn;Senegal
sff@seychelles.net;Seychelles
winstonlee@fas.org.sg;Singapore
fas@nzs.si;Slovenia
sofofed@hotmail.com;Somalia
ssfa_juba@yahoo.com;South Sudan
ffsl@football.lk;Sri Lanka
stluciafootballassociation@gmail.com;St. Lucia
ballafoot@hotmail.com;Sudan
info@nfas.org.sz;Swaziland
sfv.asf@football.ch;Switzerland
lara@ftf.pf;Tahiti
tanfootball@tff.or.tz;Tanzania
fftlgs@yahoo.com;Timor-Leste
tfa@kalianet.to;Tonga
directeur@ftf.org.tn;Tunisia
nfct@online.tm;Turkmenistan
fufaf@yahoo.com;Uganda
info@uaefa.ae;United Arab Emirates
usvisoccer@gmail.com;US Virgin Islands
sardor_r@inbox.ru;Uzbekistan
sec_presidencia_fvf@cantv.net;Venezuela
info@faw.co.uk;Wales
faz@zamnet.zm;Zambia