biuro@assecoresovia.pl;Asseco Resovia Rzeszów
office@azsczestochowa.pl;AZS Czêstochowa
biuro@azspw.com;AZS Politechnika Warszawska
bbts@bbtsbielsko.pl;BBTS Bielsko-Bia³a
wksczarniradom@gmail.com;Cerrad Czarni Radom
biuro@effectorkielce.com.pl;Effector Kielce
olsztyn@azs.pl;Indykpol AZS Olsztyn
sekretariat@jastrzebskiwegiel.pl;Jastrzêbski Wêgiel
siatkowka@sport.trefl.com;LOTOS Trefl Gdañsk
redakcja@mksbanimex.bedzin.pl;MKS BANIMEX BÊDZIN
klub@skra.pl;PGE Skra Be³chatów
biuro@luczniczkabydgoszcz.pl;Transfer Bydgoszcz
club@zaksa.pl;ZAKSA Kêdzierzyn-KoŸle
bkssekretariat@poczta.fm;BKS Aluprof Bielsko-Bia³a
klub@budowlanilodz.pl;Budowlani £ódŸ
chemik@chemik-police.com;Chemik Police
ks@developres.rzeszow.pl;Developres SkyRes Rzeszów
kontakt@impelwroclaw.pl;Impel Wroc³aw
ks.palac@interia.pl;KS PA£AC Bydgoszcz
siatkowka@kszo.info;KSZO Ostrowiec
info@atomtrefl.pl;PGE Atom Trefl Sopot
ptps@ptps.pila.pl;PGNiG Nafta Pi³a
mksmuszynianka@onet.pl;Polski Cukier Muszynianka
biuro@legionoviasa.pl;SK bank Legionovia Legionowo
biuro@mks.dabrowa.pl;TAURON BANIMEX MKS D¥BROWA GÓRNICZA